make 9p security model configurable; document (#14803)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-machine-init.1.md

a `timezone` such as `America/Chicago`.  A value of `local`, which is the default,
means to use the timezone of the machine host.

#### **--volume**, **-v**=*source:target[:options]*

Mounts a volume from source to target.

Create a mount. If /host-dir:/machine-dir is specified as the `*source:target*`,
Podman mounts _host-dir_ in the host to _machine-dir_ in the Podman machine.

Additional options may be specified as a comma-separated string. Recognized
options are:
* **ro**: mount volume read-only
* **rw**: mount volume read/write (default)

> * **security_model=[model]**: specify 9p security model (see below)

Reviewer: If we swap out 9p for virtiofs in the future, should we just document this as the security model flag, in case there were other file systems security model?

Author: Possibly.

I haven't used virtiofs yet, though, and I was unable to find documentation of any feature that corresponds to 9p's security model.

If somebody knows better, than I'll change that phrasing, but otherwise, I think it best for the wording to be specific and not give the impression that the option does anything more generic.

> The 9p security model determines if and how the 9p filesystem translates some

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 9p security model [determines](https://wiki.qemu.org/Documentation/9psetup#Starting_the_Guest_directly) if and how the 9p filesystem translates some
```

Author: Ok. I made this change along with rewrapping the surrounding text.

filesystem operations before actual storage on the host

> (https://wiki.qemu.org/Documentation/9psetup#Starting_the_Guest_directly). The

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. The
```

Author: Ok. I made this change along with rewrapping the surrounding text.

default value of *mapped-xattr* specifies that 9p store symlinks and some file
attributes as extended attributes on the host. This is suitable when the host
and the guest do not need to interoperate on the shared filesystem, but has
caveats for actual shared access; notably, symlinks on the host are not usable

> on the guest and vice versa. If you need interoperability, then choose *none*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
on the guest and vice versa. If interoperability is required, then choose *none*
```
We try to avoid pronouns in the man pages.

Author: Ok. I made this change along with rewrapping the surrounding text.
